We look only cameo back in a big way.
style in the fashionable program and to speak
of summer trends and I'm already
using a super train people look at
white the note on women this tip
because it will be the great tendency of this
station the route has not adhered to this 3
People look at me and rock together .
white and Carol says no other
super strong trend that is audi in
People look at the little monkey, that joker.
in the women's wardrobe
I'm loving these new street that
innovation that if you are bringing
now seek because women have
to come here
exactly and so the staff has very
more than in the store are all
and we are launching this week and
There is much to come and we now
You're just the beginning, you're right.
I loved the news I was giving
olhadinha and carol have a lot of dress has
much part conjuntinhos overlap
not really the store is full of
news
It's exactly that we received several
dresses that everything she will wear now
In this new season I do not worship or worship
summer is all good do not leave women
the modern sets the sets I saw
that really a great trend
exactly the people we received the set of
crop skirt set a beautiful shorts
Beautiful, I love people. Look, give me one.
look at my look with part
asymmetrical looks the detail behind
what a beautiful people, the boys are super
everyone is waiting here, right?
the special invitation from the camera that I
also present in social networks in the
clothes are usually publications for
You then follow us on instagram.
No face and welcome to
know this collection that is amazing
truth is a shock now you
continue to trust a little more
of this collection that is amazing, congratulations
Successful girls loving having you one
new here in the mama program and receive
You're back, it's so good, let's go.
then take advantage of this coming summer
however confirms a little more of this
editorial
no one was there had im yellow
i or light having been
and it looks only girls even August is
coffee birthday and they do not
would stop celebrating in style
With mega draw for you
To participate, it's very easy to just enter
right now in instagram cameo
boutique and you will run into this
complete look with two superintendencies
delicate pieces and 5th glues runs there
right now and participate
This includes even brigam zé vitor on the island
from fidel